updated scalr_role.md (#99)
Scalr/terraform-provider-scalr: docs/data-sources/scalr_role.md

## Example Usage

> To retrieve an account manage role an account id and the role name is required, for example: 

Reviewer: @emocharnik what's this? "account manage role"

Author: `account managed role` - it's a custom role the user create in the account

> To retrieve an account manage role an account id and the role name is required, for example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve a custom role, an account id and the role name is required, for example: 
```
